[ML] Memory limit circuit breaker (#1298)
elastic/ml-cpp: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

  (See {ml-pull}1238[#1238] and {pull}57254[#57254].)
* Parallelize the feature importance calculation for classification and regression
  over trees. (See {ml-pull}1277[#1277].)

> * More realistic memory estimation requires lower memory limits than before

Reviewer: I think it is worth mentioning classification and regression specifically since other analyses aren't changed:
```suggestion
* More realistic memory estimation for classification and regression means that these analyses will require
  lower memory limits than before.
```

Author: Updated
